Just changed my Facebook name to ‘No one' so when I see stupid posts I can click like and it will say ‘No one likes this'.
What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies? Snowballs
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
Why did the blonde get excited after finishing her puzzle in 6 months? -- The box said 2-4 years!
I am a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I am perfect.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? -- A gummy bear!
I once farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels.
If con is the opposite of pro, it must mean Congress is the opposite of progress?
I wondered why the frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four chin teller.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea; does that mean that one enjoys it?
My mom never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet? -- She didn't want to wake up the sleeping pills!
For anyone who think a woman's place is in the kitchen, remember that's where the knives are kept.
I used to like my neighbors, until they put a password on their Wi-Fi.
Stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk together but only one of them knows about it.
What's the difference between a smart man and a stupid man? Nothing. They both think they know everything.
Never argue with a fool, they will lower you to their level, and then beat you with experience.
Doctor: You're overweight. Patient: I think I want a second opinion. Doctor: You're also ugly.
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until they speak.
What do you call two fat people having a chat? -- A heavy discussion
Why do farts smell? So deaf people can enjoy them too.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
What's the difference between a porcupine and a Porsche? -- The porcupine has the pricks on the outside.
How do you seduce a fat woman? Piece of cake.
How did the blonde die while raking leaves? She fell out of the tree.
Why did the duck go to rehab? Because he was a quack addict!
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall? -- Damn
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I'm not saying she's fat. But if I had to name 5 of the fattest people I know. She'd be three of them.
Why can't an idiot dial 911? -- He can't find the 11 on the phone!
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
What do you call a blonde with a brain? A golden retriever.
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? -- He had no body to go with him!
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
What happens when you get scared half to death twice?
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
What do you do if a idiot throws a grenade at you? -- Pull the pin and throw it back at him!
When a man opens the car door for his wife, you can be sure of one thing, either the car is new or the wife is.
How can you tell when a lawyer is lying? -- His lips are moving.
My girlfriend hates when I make jokes about her weight. She needs to lighten up.
What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant? I wonder if it's mine.
Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? -- He's all right now.
Three blondes walk into a building. You'd think one of them would've seen it...
The sole purpose of a child's middle name is so they can tell when they're really in trouble.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
What's 6 inches long, has a head on it and drives women crazy? $100 bill
How many divorced men does it take to change a lightbulb? -- Who cares? They never get the house anyway.
What do you call a cow with no legs? -- Ground beef.
Women are like roads. The more curves they have, the more dangerous they are.
I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months- I don't like to interrupt her.
Crime doesn't pay? Does that mean my job is a crime?
What did the elephant say to the naked man? How do you breathe through something so small?
When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eye deer.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? -- Anyone can roast beef.
How do you confuse a blonde? Put her in a circle and tell her to go to the corner.
In arguments a woman has the last word. Anything a man says after that is the beginning of a new argument.
Why don't cannibals eat clowns? -- Because they taste funny.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
What did the duck say when it bought lipstick? Put it on my bill.
Q: Why did the blond get fired from the banana plantation? A: Because she threw out all the bent ones.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: "Sorry, we don't serve food in here."
Scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90%. It's called a wedding cake.
Never iron a four leaf clover. You don't want to press your luck.
Why are men like parking spaces? The good ones are already taken!
Can fat people go skinny dipping?
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time! I think I've forgotten this before?
I had a dream I was eating a giant marshmallow, when I woke up my pillow was missing!
I pretend to work here, they pretend to pay me.
Irish saying - There are only three kinds of men who don't understand women: young men, old men, and middle aged men.
I get plenty of exercise - jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines.
Fat people are harder to kidnap.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? -- A fsh
Do not underestimate your abilities. That is your boss's job.
Why do women make better soldiers? Because they can bleed for a week and not die.
Want to look thinner? Hang out with fat people.
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years.
Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
I work hard because millions on welfare depend on me.
I always arrive late to work, but I make up for it by leaving early.
When my boss told me this is the fifth time I'm late, I smiled and thought to myself, it's Friday!
Which side of a chicken has the most feathers? The outside.
What happens to a frogs car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
What is red and smells like blue paint? Red paint. <-Best ROFL XD
Relationships are like fat people... Most of them don't work out.
My granddad has the heart of a lion and a life time ban from the San Diego Zoo.
I went on a once in a lifetime holiday. Never again.
Rick Astley will let you borrow any movie from his Pixar collection, except one. He’s never gonna give you Up.
Two fish are sitting in a tank. One looks over at the other and says: “Hey, do you know how to drive this thing?”
“This is your captain speaking, AND THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN SHOUTING.”
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What does the aardvark call his dog?Aard-bark! …
What is the difference between an aardvark and a coyote?One has a long smeller, the other, a loud yeller! …
Who loves hamburgers, French fries, and ants?Ronald MacAardvark! …
What does an aardvark keep in his aquarium?An aard-shark! …
It takes a lot of balls to golf like me.
I asked my North Korean friend how it was there, he said he couldn’t complain.
There’s no “I” in Denial.
A soldier survived mustard gas in battle, and then pepper spray by the police. He’s now a seasoned veteran.
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but their flag is a huge plus.
A Buddhist walks up to a hotdog stand and says, “Make me one with everything.”
A plateau is the highest form of flattery.
It’s hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it’s still on the list.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
Evening news is where they begin with ‘Good evening’, and then proceed to tell you why it isn’t.
How do you keep an idiot in suspense?
Two whales walk into a bar. The first one says, “Weeeeeooooouuuhhhh”. The next whale says, “Shut up, Steve. You’re drunk.”
I hate Russian dolls…so full of themselves
What’s E.T. short for? Because he’s only got little legs.
“I stand corrected,” said the man in the orthopedic shoes.
I’m addicted to brake fluid, but I can stop whenever I want.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.
Money can’t buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
I didn’t say it was your fault. I said I was blaming you.
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
Women will never be equal to men until they can walk down the street with a bald head and a beer gut, and still think they are sexy.
War does not determine who is right. It determines who is left.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
What’s the difference between my ex and the titanic? The titanic only went down on 1,000 people
Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 is a registered 6 offender.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
A ragged individual stranded for several months on a small desert island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean one day noticed a bottle lying in the sand …
This customer comes into the computer store. “Im looking for a mystery Adventure Game with lots of graphics. You know, something really challenging.” …
Redmond, WA –Microsoft announced today that the official release date for the new operating system “Windows 2000” will be delayed until the second qu …
What do computers eat when they get hungry? Chips. …
Two penguins walk into a bar… which is stupid because the second one should have seen it.
What do you call a magic dog? A Labracadabrador.
Wanna hear a joke about Potassium? (whether they say ‘yes’ or ‘no’): K.